Problem statement
The following project concerns the well-known Fisher’s Iris data set [3]. The project
entails you researching the data set, and then writing documentation and code in the
Python programming language [1] based on that research.

An online search for information on the data set will convince you that many people
have investigated and written about it previously, and many of those are not experienced
programmers. You are expected to be able to break this project into several smaller tasks
that are easier to solve, and to plug these together after they have been completed. You
might do that for this project as follows:

1. Research background information about the data set and write a summary about
it.
2. Keep a list of references you used in completing the project.
3. Download the data set and write some Python code to investigate it.
4. Summarise the data set by, for example, calculating the maximum, minimum and
mean of each column of the data set. A Python script will quickly do this for you.
5. Write a summary of your investigations.
6. Include supporting tables and graphics as you deem necessary.



The minimum standard for this project is a GitHub repository containing a README
and a Python script. The README should contain a summary of the data set and your
investigations into it. It should also clearly document how to run the Python code you
used to investigate the data set, and what that code does. Furthermore, it should list
all references used in completing the project.
A better project will be well organised and contain detailed explanations. The analysis
will be well conceived, and examples of interesting analyses that others have pursued
based on the data set will be discussed.
Note that the point of this project is to use Python. You may use any Python
libraries that you wish, whether they have been discussed in class or not. You should
not be thinking of using spreadsheet software like Excel to do your calculations.
